hey how's it going Dave 2d here and this
is the msi ge62 so the whole idea behind
the raider lineup is that they're taking
higher-end components or higher-end
features like 120 hertz screen and
individually lit RGB keyboard and
they're sticking that stuff into a more
affordable lineup and so that's how you
come up with this so the 60 to the ge62
from last year was probably their
best-selling gaming laptop because it
was an inexpensive laptop with a gtx
1060 this is much improved across the
board so the stuff that's trickled in
that 120 Hertz panel looks amazing if
you've never seen one in real life
you got a seen one because you can't
showcase how cool these things are or
how good they are for gaming just by
watching these videos you gotta see it
in real life the new individually lit
RGB keyboard is pretty crazy and the
last thing they're going for is just
improved performance across the board so
because of the improved thermal solution
you can now stick a gtx 1070 into this
chassis so at this price point you can
expect a certain level of build quality
right and it's there for the most part
the top panel is metal it's got that
brushed finish and it looks pretty good
I don't love the red dragon but whatever
and the keyboard deck is metal as well
there's no play or soft spots or
anything it's a very well-built laptop
the bottom panel is plastic not that
it's bad or anything it actually feels
well-made but it would have been nice if
it was metal ports election is as
expected there's three use bas and a use
PC but it doesn't support done about
three okay first I'm going to talk about
the things that I do like the screen is
really good it's 120 Hertz screen looks
good the color accuracy is there the
brightness is there it's a great screen
for gaming it has a three millisecond
response time which is actually the
fastest laptop screen on the market
right now I'm obviously not a pro gamer
but games feel incredibly fluid on this
display it is a TN panel but that's how
you're getting the super fast response
rate and it's great image for a TN panel
the one thing I would have to complain
about though is that because it's a TN
panel the viewing angles aren't as good
the moment you tilt it on any axis there
is noticeable color shift the keyboard
is also something that I really like
just base keyboard itself is very
comfortable to type on great layout good
keystroke the RGB lighting on this thing
is seriously the most comprehensive
timing system I've seen on a laptop
keyboard you can light up every single
key that's not that new but there's like
a whole bunch of features plus as a
hardware button here to switch between
the different configurations on the fly
the trackpad is surprisingly good it
uses synaptic drivers which was kind of
disappointing but it feels really good
the gestures are a little off like
they're not super accurate but the
tracking is good otherwise and the
dedicated hardware buttons are nice now
I think the best thing about this laptop
is actually its performance so this
thing's running at GTX 1060 you can get
a 1070
but the 1060 runs really well and
performance in lights and even
moderately demanding games is just
amazing with this 120 Hertz screen you
can obviously play more demanding games
but you won't be able to show off the
screen as nicely so that's one of the
things that I think this whole laptop
industry has been shifted towards you
want to be able to showcase your amazing
graphics cards by getting really high
refresh screens if you're not if you're
capped at a 60 Hertz screen there's no
point in having a GTX 1080 on a laptop
like you're not able to see those extra
frames that your card can push out so
this is a really nice combination the
fan noise is also very acceptable on
idle it's pretty quiet unload it's not
too bad but if you want to you can hit
the cooler boost button and I'll just
crank the fans to max and this will give
you the best possible frame rates it's
super loud but if you're rendering a
video or playing something that's just
really intense you'll want to hit that
button and the fact that they have it is
really nice I wish more laptops had
something like this the thermals on this
laptop are good it has seven heat pipes
in there which is pretty nuts I can't
speak for the gtx 1070 configuration but
on this one the one with the gtx 1060
there's no throttling and the external
temperatures are very comfortable as
well there are a few things that i
dislike about this laptop and they're
not super important but I feel like I
should mention them in case it affects
your purchase decision first are the
speakers so MSI markets these things as
having three times the size of their old
speakers and they are really large if
you look inside they almost look like
batteries but they still don't sound
great they sound kind of average I mean
they sound like a $1,200 gaming laptop
would I was expecting something more
substantial because of how large those
speakers are but they still sound very
normal to me I wasn't particularly
impressed the other thing I don't love
is the
life it's a 51 watt hour battery and I'm
getting just over three hours of use
with the screen at 250 nits and that's
kind of below average considering all
the components in here and that doesn't
have G sync rate so this panel is just a
simple 120 Hertz panel it doesn't have G
sync so it does have Optimus but even
with that technology battery life is a
little short it doesn't affect me
because I'm not using this for like
extended periods of times when I'm out
there but for people that wanna use this
for school or whatever you're gonna have
to bring your charger with you because
three hours is not going to cut it the
last thing I dislike about this laptop
is the accessibility or the lack of it
now Emma site laptops are not the
easiest ones to open they usually make
it a little bit more difficult and they
often have a sticker that says you know
don't open this thing but this
particular laptop is extra hard and it
sucks because inside there there's two
nvme slots there's one SATA drive and
two RAM slots so there's a lot of room
for upgrade ability and stuff but it's
very difficult to get in there without
chipping or breaking the frame and
because this is a review unit I don't
want to go ham just crack the thing but
that's basically it a few things that I
dislike about it but the overall laptop
I really like I think MSI is gonna sell
a lot of these if you're interested
there's a link down below with the most
accurate pricing I think decent start at
$1500 they go up as you kind of add more
stuff to it hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs be liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time
[Music]